{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	Findings: On average, District schools have a higher total school budget, but are much larger schools. There seems to be a correlation between school size and average passing score. Charter schools on average, have less students, but a higher passing averages for math and reading. There does not seem to be any correlation in passing rate and per student budget. We can come to the conclusion that smaller class sizes have a better passing rate likely due to more one on one time between students and teachers. \
\
Highest Performing Schools by % Overalll Passing\
	Top 5 highest performing schools were all charter schools. School budget and per student budget do not seem to have an effect on performance since Pena High School had about half the budget as the other charter schools and is still in the top 5 best performing.\
\
Bottom Performing Schools by % Overall Passing:\
	The lowest performing schools were all District Schools, even with a higher than normal Per student budget. It appears that on average, larger schools have lower overall passing rates\
\
Math Scores by grade:\
	Math and reading scores seem to stay in the same range for each grade level at each school.\
\
Scores by School Spending:\
	Based on the predefined spending ranges, there is a correlation between less money per student and passing rate.\
\
Scores by School Size:\
	The larger the school, the lower the passing rate for each subject.\
\
Scores by school type:\
	Charter schools on average, have a higher average score compared to District schools.}